smaller and bigger numbers one to ten
potty gaps balloons masks whistles
Kiana's what's happening story is there
a potty on
oh there is but everything seems to be
divided into groups story here are the
potty caps in this group there are one
two three four five five caps we write
the number five and here are one two
three caps we write the number three now
starry which group has more gaps right
the group with five caps in it so we say
five is the bigger of the two numbers
and three is the smaller of the two
numbers
look at these colorful balloons in one
group we have one two two balloons we
write two in the other we have one two
three four five six seven seven balloons
we write
seven since the group with seven
balloons has more balloons it is the
bigger number and two is the smaller
number
have you understood story
and now no whistles one two three four
five six seven eight
whistles we write eight one two three
four four
whistles we write four eight is the
bigger number and four is the smaller
number are these masks story let's count
them one two three four five six seven
seven mosques we write seven one two
three four five six seven eight eight
mosques we write eight now which do you
think is the bigger number story right
eight is the bigger number and seven is
the smaller number
shall we now do an activity together
which of the two is the bigger and which
is the smaller number let us count the
numbers and find out cupcakes one two
three three cupcakes one two three four
five six six cupcakes the bigger number
is six the smaller number is three
ice creams 1 2 3 4 5 5 ice creams one
two two ice creams the bigger number is
five the smaller number is two and now
some pizzas one two three four four
pizzas one two three four five six seven
seven pizzas seven is the bigger number
and four is the smaller number samosas
one two - samosas one two three four
five five samosas five is the bigger
number and two is the smaller number and
now stary all you have to do is circle
the bigger number nine and three the
bigger number is nine seven and ten the
bigger number is 10
three and eight the bigger number is
eight two and three the bigger number is
three four and one the bigger number is
four that was very good starry starry
today at the party you have learned how
to find the bigger and smaller of two
given numbers